[Buckroe Beach](https://eslupe6.github.io/eslupe6/images/buckroebeach.PNG)

My name is Erin Slupe and I am a senior who is pursuing a double major in Communication Studies and Psychology at Christopher Newport University

I am interested in a public relations or marketing career. From a young age, I loved writing and telling stories, so a career in these fields would allow me to craft and share companies’ stories.

My career interests solidified after interning at REHAU, a global polymer-manufacturing company that engineers products for the automotive and construction industry. I was a Communications Intern during one summer, returning as a Communications and Marketing Intern the following summer.

As a Communications Intern, I published blogs on topics ranging from home design to in-floor heating systems. I also assembled a press kit for a woodworkers’ conference, updated website content, and created an advertorial highlighting heating and cooling companies who use REHAU’s products.  

During my second summer as a Communications and Marketing Intern, I created marketing materials such as mass emails and social media posts, co-hosted a 300-attendee webinar about zero-energy buildings and cities, conducted a social media analysis, and wrote an article about a snow-melting system that was published in Plumbing & Mechanical magazine.

I’ve continued to hone my writing and editing skills at CNU, both academically and professionally. The Communication Studies and Psychology courses I have taken throughout my junior and senior year strengthened my research abilities in addition to APA-style writing. Furthermore, I am a writing associate for a psychology research methods course, in which I meet with students to check for grammatical errors, ensure accordance with APA style, suggest sentence structure changes, and specify unclear areas. Aside from school, I work as a freelance editor for a technical trainer I worked alongside at REHAU. I proofread and edit his syndicated columns for TMB Publishing Inc. once a month. 

When I’m not writing or editing, I like to spend time outside (I especially enjoy going to the beach or going on a hike). One of my favorite places to spend time outside is the Noland Trail next to CNU! I love seeing the sunset right off the trail at Lions Gate Bridge. I frequent both of these places when midterms and finals roll around as a way to take a step back and refresh myself. 

[Pike Place](https://eslupe6.github.io/eslupe6/images/pikeplace.JPG)

I also enjoy reading, watching my favorite shows (I’m currently finishing up Scandal), working out, and spending time with my dog, Benji. I love trying new things and seeing new places, but traveling is currently on hold due to the pandemic. The last place I traveled to was Seattle, which was such a fun trip since it was my first time visiting the west coast. My favorite part was walking around Pike Place Market and admiring the unique vendors selling flower bouquets, jewelry, clothes, candles, and art. Once it is safe to travel again, I want to go abroad for the first time and visit Paris!
